>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And I
think many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and we're
in our Los Angeles studios
for this program
with LA Marzulli.
We tried to beam LA
to our Denver studios,
but something went wrong in
the teleportation device.
So here is.
>>LA MARZULLI: [LAUGHING]
>>NOORY: LA, always
good to see you.
>>MARZULLI: Great to be here.
Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: You, of course, have
written a number of books,
"On the Trail of the
Nephilim" being one of them.
But you're also well known,
you and Richard Shaw,
for the "Watchers" series,
which I think you're into-- what
now?-- "Watchers" number--
>>MARZULLI: 9.
>>NOORY: 9 now.
>>MARZULLI: Number 9.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>MARZULLI: Starting to film 9.
>>NOORY: And you and
I were talking when
you in the "Watchers" 1 or 2.
So you've come a long, long way.
When you talk about "the
watchers," who are they?
>>MARZULLI: Well, it's
sort of a play on words.
We're watchers because
we're watching what's
happening on the planet now.
But the watchers are
actually a class of angels
that we read about in
ancient prophetic text.
And there's good watchers
and there's bad watchers.
They're very powerful.
And that's why it's
sort of a play on words.
>>NOORY: People have confused
extraterrestrial visitations
with heavenly visitation,
angelic visitations.
When you read
Genesis-- and I read
Genesis when I must have
been about 12 years old.
And I couldn't put that down.
To me, it was a great story.
>>MARZULLI: Sci-fi.
>>NOORY: Not that
it was the Bible.
It was a great story,
talking about how
this power that we call God
created the universe in seven
days and how the angels came
down, how the fallen ones took
the daughter of man.
It was just amazing.
But at that young age, I
kept saying to myself, LA,
I wonder if they're talking
about extraterrestrials,
not angels, not godly things,
but extraterrestrials.
Now, I believe in God.
Make no mistake about that.
I believe in a divine
power, something
that created all of this.
I don't know what it is yet.
We may get to that today.
But I concluded at
a very young age
that we're dealing with an
extraterrestrial story, not
a biblical story.
Was I right?
Am I right?
>>MARZULLI: Well, I would say
this, that in a classic sense,
when we say
extraterrestrial, angels,
whether they are fallen
angels or the good guys,
are extraterrestrials.
They don't reside here.
>>NOORY: And they're
dimensional, more or less.
>>MARZULLI: And they're
interdimensional.
So in a classic
sense, you're right.
But this is where it gets a
little shady, a little gray
area.
And I'm not talking
about the little guys.
Where did life come from?
A couple of years ago
the movie "Prometheus"
talked about that
life was seeded here.
That's the whole
panspermia philosophy,
which Darwinists hold on to,
that life was seeded here.
But when we look at the
complexity of the DNA,
the deoxyribonucleic double
spiral helix of life,
double helix, double
spiral of life,
it's absolutely fascinating.
And it screams that this
just didn't happen by chance.
In fact, the
co-discoverer, Crick,
of the DNA, double
helix, was a vexed man,
so much so that he wrote--
and this is a quote almost
verbatim-- that in his opinion,
no matter how much prebiotic
sop in the billions of years,
there's no way this thing just
sprang into existence.
And of course, this
made him search.
Well, where did this come from?
He wouldn't go to, let's say
the God of the Bible per se.
And he began to look out
for the extraterrestrial.
The reason why I hold the
biblical narrative close,
not only because I've
been born again in spirit,
which happened 35 years ago.
And this was after trying the
Carlos Castenada vision quests
and gurus with third eyes
open and all this stuff.
And finally just going, look,
if you're real, show up.
And he did, and my life changed.
But there's a prophetic thread.
And this is what
differentiates that book.
There's a prophetic thread
from Genesis to Revelation,
which no other book, no
other book on the planet has.
And it calls it out a
priori, ahead of time
with great specificity.
With all due respect
to Nostradameans,
it's not like, well, you
can interpret this quatrain.
And there are
certain passages that
are prophetic in
the Bible, which you
can interpret different ways.
I get that.
>>NOORY: Of course.
Yes, you can.
Everybody can.
>>MARZULLI: Anybody can.
But there are some prophecies,
many, many prophecies,
which are just right on.
And the chances of this
happening are astronomical.
And so it seems
like, I think we can
agree on this, that there's
an outside agency that's
outside of space time as we know
it and can call the future out
and does so with
great specificity.
And thus we have the
prophecies in the Bible.
So in the classic sense,
the God in the Bible
is an extraterrestrial, as
Jesus was an extraterrestrial.
Because their home
is not planet Earth.
But they visited us.
But they're not ETs in
the way, let's say, that--
>>NOORY: They're
not planetary ETs.
>>MARZULLI: Exactly, exactly.
They don't come
from Zeta Reticuli.
>>NOORY: Exactly,
though some probably do.
>>MARZULLI: Well.
>>NOORY: Maybe not
them, but I'm a believer
that this universe is so
vast there could be millions
of inhabited planets out there.
>>MARZULLI: Could be.
Unless it's a-- and this gets
into the whole string theory
stuff.
But unless the universe is some
sort of a holographic place,
basically a hologram--
in other words,
there's prophetic scripture--
>>NOORY: That it's not real.
>>MARZULLI: Well, there's
prophetic scriptures
which talk about
the God of the Bible
rolling up the
heavens like a scroll.
And when we read that,
oh, that's just allegory.
That's just nonsense.
>>NOORY: It's just put
there for our enjoyment?
>>MARZULLI: What if it's not?
What if He can do that.
What if this whole thing
that we see, we're in it,
and it's real to us, but
yet these entities, when
they show up, they do things
here that defy our physics.
They come through walls, both
the good guys and the bad guys.
>>NOORY: They materialize.
>>MARZULLI: They materialize
and dematerialize.
>>NOORY: And disappear
>>MARZULLI: They can
manipulate objects.
They can levitate.
They can move you, teleport you.
And this is all biblical.
One guy's teleported from
one town to the other.
What the heck are
we looking at here?
What kind of
technology does that?
How are they able
to do this stuff?
It's beyond anything
that we know.
And so I'm a frank
supernaturalist.
And Jesus is here.
If you have leprosy,
we've talked about this
on "Coast to Coast" many times.
If you had leprosy in the
ancient world, you're dead.
You're a dead man.
>>NOORY: You were gone.
You're history.
They put you away.
>>MARZULLI: That's
it, unclean, unclean.
And 12 lepers are there,
and Jesus goes, go your way,
you're healed.
And only one of them comes
back, and he's totally healed.
So that happens on the
molecular cellular level.
How the heck, without
even touching them,
how was he able to do that?
And of course, we don't know.
But what we see in the
personage of Yeshua,
that he's able to manipulate
space, time, and physics
in ways that we have no idea.
And of course, that's why
some people believe, as I do,
that he was God and
came down to the planet.
>>NOORY: Religiously,
they would say
he had that power,
that he was indeed God.
There are some, though, that
say he tapped into a force
and was able to do that.
>>MARZULLI: Well, if
he's the only one--
and the counterargument to that,
if there is a force and we can
all tap into it and
be like him, then--
>>NOORY: I think we can.
>>MARZULLI: Why hasn't
anyone done that, though?
You know what I mean?
>>NOORY: Well, I'm not sure.
Maybe they have, John
of God in Brazil.
He's got that ability, they say.
>>MARZULLI: They say, right.
>>NOORY: They say.
So with our "Watchers"
series, I want
you to recommend
a clip that I want
to look at to give people
a little idea of some
of the things that
you've been doing.
What can we look at?
>>MARZULLI: "Watchers 7" is
just absolutely fantastic.
That's the one that we won the
Best Picture and Best People's
Choice Award at the
UFO Congress in 2014.
And we went down to
see Jaime Maussan.
I know he's een on
"Coast" many, many times.
And Jaime opened
everything up to us.
He gave us terabytes of film.
And Richard and I are
just sitting there, just
with our jaws on
the ground, looking
at some of the most incredible
UFO footage we've ever seen.
But in my opinion, and we
show a montage of that,
the late Dr. Roger
Leir has a clip
from Kumburgaz,
Turkey, which we show
in "Watchers 7"
and "Watchers 8,"
which I show when I'm speaking
on the road at conferences
or whatever.
And people just sit there.
You can hear a pin
drop in the place.
And that's in "Watchers
7" and "Watchers 8."
>>NOORY: And he videotaped
that, didn't he?
>>MARZULLI: He videotaped it.
He was there.
And the camera zooms up,
and there's the ship.
And there were two beings
just standing there.
And they just stand there
for like literally hours.
There's movement.
>>NOORY: You can see
them in the craft.
>>MARZULLI: And you can
see them in the craft.
And it's very-- and
when I tell people this,
they say, well, was it staged?
No, it's not Photoshopped.
We've looked at it.
Richard has looked at it.
The Turkish government has
vetted the photography.
This is the real deal.
And it's probably some of
the most clearest UFO footage
with the "grays" in
the control center,
whatever you want to call
that, in the cockpit,
that I've ever seen.
And that's in "Watchers."
Dr. Leir let us use that.
>>NOORY: That's a couple
minute piece, isn't it?
>>MARZULLI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's take
a look at that.
This truly is fascinating.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-So, to being with, we
started focusing on the moon,
and this was a camera
mounted on a tripod.
We noticed that there
was a small, what
appeared to be a
star below the moon
and noticed that this
star was not a star.
And we got really tight
and close on the craft,
and what we saw was
absolutely mind-blowing,
because it was the front of
what appeared to be a disk.
And three portholes
were apparent.
Because they were lit
from the light coming
from the inside of the
craft, whereas the craft
itself was being
lit by the moon.
So in each portal, you
could actually see beings,
and some of them were the
typical black-eyed grays.
But there were other beings
that were there also.
So in this central port,
we saw several beings.
And then there was
one on each side.
Now, we filmed that
with a dog that
was on the beach, who was just
barking his head off because he
was seeing the craft.
He wasn't barking at the moon.
And there was nothing
else going on.
So as long as we were
filming, this dog
was barking until we finally
got the dog off the beach.
But it lasted for
quite some time.
I don't remember the exact--
-Four or five hours at least.
-Yeah, it was enough to actually
see the craft change position.
It turned, and then
when it turned,
we could see that it
was not a saucer at all
but more of a
boomerang-shaped craft
that had sort of an
oblong aft end to it.
And then it would change
back to a central position.
And it would move slightly
to the other position.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: You could actually
see the little beings up there.
And they look like
grays, don't they?
>>MARZULLI: They look like
grays, and there's movement.
And this is what
Richard Shaw discovered.
Richard is a videophile.
The guy's incredible.
He's got his
amazing video suite.
He sat there and he slowed the
film down, very, very slow.
And then he noticed--
>>NOORY: Frame by frame.
>>MARZULLI: Frame by frame.
And he started to notice that
there was a third alien that
was in the shot that was moving
like this, incredibly fast.
>>NOORY: Back and forth.
>>MARZULLI: Back and
forth between the two.
And he's going, oh, my gosh.
What we think we're
looking at, maybe,
is someone laying on a
table that's been abducted,
and this third entity is
performing some sort of-- we
don't know what he's doing.
He's doing something to the--
>>NOORY: He's like the
doctor or something.
>>MARZULLI: And it looks
different than the other two
beings.
It looks more
mantis-like, which ties
in the whole
ufology you've heard
about the mantis and the
insectoids, that type of thing.
And Richard shows this.
We show a clip of
it in "Watchers 8,"
which is just astounding.
So that's Rick's discovery.
Hats off to you, Mr. Shaw.
>>NOORY: Why do you think
they're coming here, that they
have been coming here?
What's so special?
What's so unique
about planet Earth?
>>MARZULLI: Well, let's go
to Graham Hancock's book
"The Supernatural."
Now, Graham and I have different
worldviews, and that's fine.
But the reason why I'm
quoting him now and using him
is because in my opinion,
he totally gets it.
In his book
"Supernatural," he says
that these entities-- because
he's taking ayahuasca,
and he's being
catapulted into what
I would call the second heaven.
And to his absolute
astonishment, what he sees
there are the grays!
And he goes, wait a minute.
What the heck are
the grays doing here?
I'm on ayahuasca, and
the grays are here.
And then he wraps
it up and he says
that these entities, wherever
they're from, whoever they are,
seem to be obsessed with
reproducing with us.
And this ties back into
the Genesis 6 narrative
that we see, where
the fallen ones
are creating a hybrid being.
>>NOORY: There's something
about us they want.
>>MARZULLI: Something
about us that they want.
They want to have this
relationship where they're
creating a hybrid being.
When we sat down
with Chuck Missler,
and he's in "Watchers 7" and
also in the first "Watchers 1,"
Chuck stated very
matter of factly
that the fallen cherub-- most
people know him by Satan.
And when I say
that, it conjures up
all sorts of bunch of nonsense.
This is an extremely
intelligent,
incredibly powerful entity,
which is very dark, extremely
demonic, incredibly evil.
>>NOORY: Almost as
powerful as God itself.
>>MARZULLI: Almost, but no.
>>NOORY: Almost, not quite.
>>MARZULLI: He's created.
He's created, where God
just is because he is.
I am that I am.
So Chuck says, and it's
an incredible statement,
that the fallen cherub, Satan,
is outnumbered two to one.
He's building an army.
And that's exactly
what we see in Genesis.
There's another prophecy,
which is overlooked.
>>NOORY: Oh, do that's
what he's doing now?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
In Genesis 3--
>>NOORY: A physical army?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
And that will
manifest at some time.
Where are the hybrids?
>>NOORY: For what?
>>MARZULLI: Where
are the hybrids
that Dr. Jacobs talked about?
>>NOORY: They're gone somewhere.
>>MARZULLI: Somewhere.
They're waiting.
>>NOORY: They're in training.
>>MARZULLI: They're waiting.
And when this thing pops,
that's when the hybrids will be
revealed as part of the army.
>>NOORY: You think
they're coming back here?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: To take
over the planet?
>>MARZULLI: Absolutely.
Dr. Jacobs believes that.
It's a domination of
one species by another.
That's a direct quote from him.
>>NOORY: What's
taking them so long?
>>MARZULLI: They're waiting.
They're being held back.
>>NOORY: By?
>>MARZULLI: The good guys.
And again, this is scripture.
>>NOORY: Good guys in
other planetary systems?
>>MARZULLI: No, the good angels.
Again, if we're in a
holographic universe,
then what we see popping in
and out of the holodeck, as it
were, seems real to us.
But we get time displacement.
Let's say Travis Walton.
We've interviewed Travis.
I know he's been on
"Coast to Coast."
Fascinating man--
he's taken by them,
and he thinks he's
gone for a few hours.
He's been gone for five days.
So what are we looking at?
>>NOORY: And they
didn't treat him well.
>>MARZULLI: They didn't
treat him well at all.
And he's told me they're evil.
I mean, he's told me
that right to my face.
>>NOORY: I mean, from Whitley
Strieber to Travis Walton
to all kinds of cases of
abductions, not one has said,
I had a great time.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah, I
wanna do it again.
>>NOORY: It was a
pleasant experience.
>>MARZULLI: Yes, can
we go this Saturday?
>>NOORY: They were hurt.
They were violated.
Things were taken from them.
Babies were extracted
from pregnant women.
Not one person said,
I had a great time.
>>MARZULLI: So who
does this sound like?
Who does this sound like?
It sounds to me
like we're looking
at the fallen angelic host.
These are incredibly malevolent
but highly intelligent
entities which are creating
a hybrid being, just
like we see in Genesis
6 and also afterwards.
And then in Genesis 3, which
happens obviously before 6,
and it says-- there's a bunch
of people in this scene.
There's the most high God
who's talking to Adam and Eve.
And I know this
sounds like sci-fi,
but let's treat it like sci-fi.
>>NOORY: You have
to for a moment.
>>MARZULLI: So God's there.
Adam and Even are there and
the fallen cherub, the snake,
is there.
And the most high God
goes, OK, here's the deal.
And I'm paraphrasing, making
it 21st century vernacular.
Your seed is going to
be at enmity, at war,
with the seed of the woman.
What?
What do you mean?
The serpent's seed
is going to be at war
with the seed of the woman.
This sets up the rest of
the Judeo Christian Bible,
so much so that the Antichrist,
which will come upon the Earth,
will literally be the
seed of the fallen one,
will be the seed
of Satan himself.
So we see the seed thing all
the way through scripture.
Why should we be surprised when
we see the Nephilim in Genesis
6, when we see what's going
on in Sodom and Gomorrah,
when we see who was there
and the Levant when Joshua
and Caleb go in and perhaps
the diaspora of Nephilim tribes
that leave the Levant and
settle in different places
like we have next to us,
which is what we believe
are the remnants of some
of the Nephilim tribe,
which are scattered
throughout the planet,
and now into modernity, where
we see the hybrid beings being
created.
This ties back into scripture in
ways that are just astounding,
in my opinion.
>>NOORY: In prophecy, why
and how can this be foretold?
Because it's spelled out.
>>MARZULLI: It's spelled
out with great specificity.
The God of the Bible
dwells outside timespace
as we know it.
He's merciful.
He's wonderful.
He sends his son
here 2,000 years ago
who stands the ancient
world on its end.
Now, a lot of nonsense
has gone on in between
and in the name of
Yeshua, of Jesus.
And religion has
certainly obfuscated
the whole deal in ways
that we don't have time
to get into here.
But it has.
And it's twisted a lot of stuff.
But I believe he was
God and man in one body.
And when he came here and
his death on the cross,
he changed everything.
That's like a critical
point in the entire timeline
of the universe.
And he's coming again.
That's what prophecy states.
So you've got someone,
the God of the Bible,
living outside space and
dwelling outside spacetime
as we know it.
And there's no other book
on this planet-- yes,
the Hopis have some prophecies.
I get it.
There's prophecies in
the "Bhagavad Gita."
There are some
prophecies in the Quran.
But you don't get this
thread of prophecies
in a linear way from Genesis
to Revelation called out
with such great
specificity, which
talks about the coming of
the Messiah the first time
and the coming of the
Messiah the second time.
There's only one book like
that, and that's-- and look,
the Bible's been used to beat
people over the head with.
I get it.
But what's in those pages
is absolutely profound
and is really, in some ways,
beyond science fiction.
It's incredible.
>>NOORY: You have
talked a little bit
about Robert Salas in your work.
Tell me a little
bit more about him.
>>MARZULLI: Well, we interviewed
him for "Watchers 7."
And that was an
incredible interview
because he was very emotional
during that interview.
>>NOORY: Can we take a
little clip of it now?
>>MARZULLI:
Absolutely, please do.
>>NOORY: Let's take a
look at Robert Salas
and why he seems
to be so emotional.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-The next thing I remember
was being on a table
and being shown.
And they made a
point of showing me
this, a large what
looked like a needle.
And by large, I mean
large, almost a foot long.
They told me it was not
going to be painful.
But as they started to insert
this needle or whatever it was,
it was excruciating pain.
And that's point
number two as far
as why this was a real incident.
Because I recall the pain.
I recall how bad the pain was.
-Did you attempt to fight
them at this point at all?
-I think I was struggling,
because I yelled out
that this is very painful.
And as soon as I did that,
as soon as I expressed that,
the pain went away.
It was just like magic.
As soon as I expressed the idea
that this was very painful,
the pain went away.
It was gone.
And they continued
with the procedure,
whatever they were doing.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>MARZULLI: First of all, it
was the first time he ever told
the story publicly on camera.
We signed a letter or
a contract with him,
which no production company
ever does, but we did.
We said you can have your
approval on the edit.
Come in, make sure--
>>NOORY: That doesn't happen.
>>MARZULLI: That
doesn't happen at all.
>>NOORY: You're not
getting it here.
>>MARZULLI: [LAUGHING]
I trust you guys.
And so we showed him the
clip, and he gave us the OK,
and the rest is history.
Because we didn't
twist his words.
We didn't try to make it do
some funny business, what
he was saying.
He was emotional because
he came on the record
and told about his
abduction experience
and how he was abducted.
And it's classic.
It's absolutely classic.
>>NOORY: Again, another case
where it wasn't friendly.
>>MARZULLI: It wasn't friendly.
And he's laying in his bed.
And we cut, actually,
to Dr. David Jacobs,
because as Bob Salas is
being lifted off the bed,
the grays are
already in the room,
these hooded figures, I
should say, are in the room.
He can't scream.
He's paralyzed.
He's floated off
the bed this way.
And then now he's in repose, and
he's headed towards the window.
And he's going, I
locked the window.
Are they going to
open the window?
And we cut to Dr.
David Jacobs, who
goes, every single person
that's been abducted
has the same thought as
they're going to the window.
How is this working?
And they go through the window.
Every one of them, or
through the ceiling.
>>NOORY: Feeling no
temperature change, nothing.
>>MARZULLI: Nothing at all.
And you can't do that.
That's a different physics.
So whoever these entities are
have the ability to manipulate
spacetime in the ways
that we don't understand,
at least not now.
>>NOORY: It is amazing
with what's happening.
When you had heard
abduction cases years ago,
would you have thought
everybody was whacked out?
>>MARZULLI: When I first
started studying this,
and this goes back
decades now, and I first
heard about Betty and Barney
Hill, it was just like,
you've got to be kidding me.
>>NOORY: What a great story.
>>MARZULLI: Yeah, and I
didn't want to believe that.
It's like, whoa.
And then the guy
in South America,
Vilas Boas I think he pronounces
his name, it's like Antonio,
what did he go through?
And then, of course,
when I read "Secret Life"
by Dr. David Jacobs,
and I kid you not,
I would read a page
or two at a time,
put it down, and
walk away from it.
That's how upset--
>>NOORY: It's scary.
>>MARZULLI: It scared me,
and it freaked me out.
>>NOORY: Scary, scary, scary.
>>MARZULLI: Because
the phenomena was real.
If it was just Betty
and Barney Hill,
and that's all we had to go on--
>>NOORY: Ever.
>>MARZULLI: Ever, then well, we
probably wouldn't be talking.
But that's not what we see.
I've talk to people
who have been abducted,
who have had implants put
in them over-- I mean,
we talk about this in
"Watchers 7" and "Watcher 8."
Bill, when he's five
years old, he's taken.
First time he fights them off.
But the second time, he
can't fight them off.
He's taken straight
up out of the bed,
finds himself on the ship.
>>NOORY: And they keep coming
back, taking the same person.
>>MARZULLI: And he's
got the implant.
40 years later, he gets
the implant removed.
So the phenomenon is real.
It is burgeoning, and
it's not going away.
And people need to understand
what's happening here,
and it's not a good thing.
It's not a good thing.
>>NOORY: Roger Leir would try
to get these implants analyzed.
And he had a
difficult time trying
to determine exactly
what are they.
They don't break.
You can't cut into them.
What do they look like to you?
Again, a little piece of rice,
you say, but what are they?
Are they tracking devices?
Are they mind manipulators?
What do they do?
>>MARZULLI: This is where
it ties back, in my opinion,
into the biblical narrative.
Because the biblical narrative
in the Book of Revelation--
this was written
2,000 years ago--
tells us that men
and women will not
be able to buy, sell,
or trade unless they
have this mark, Mark of the
Beast it's called, on them.
>>NOORY: Mark of
the Beast, the 666.
>>MARZULLI: Exactly.
So we listened to this stuff,
let's say, 50 years ago.
I have no idea what that is.
It's probably allegory.
Now we know that they've got
their little RFID chip that
will track them.
But that's not what
these implants are.
The second criteria found in
the Book of Revelation, anyone
who takes this
mark, grievous sores
will appear on their body.
So whatever this
mark is is messing
with the system, the
human circulatory
system, human nervous system.
Something is going on here
that's not user-friendly.
>>NOORY: Like a reaction?
>>MARZULLI: Like reaction to it.
The third one, which
is really bizarre,
again found in the
Book of Revelation,
a third criteria is
this, that anyone
who takes the mark will
not die in those days.
They will seek death
but not find it.
They will seek death and
not find it in the days
when they take that mark.
So what's going on there?
It goes back to
that other prophecy,
which states it will be
like the days of Noah.
In the days of Noah, people
lived 500, 600, 700 years.
What if these chips
that you'll get
will be-- you take
the chip, and you'll
live disease-free for
300, 400, 500 years?
The line will be
around the block.
But the fourth one,
which is bizarre,
states that anyone who
takes this mark winds up
in the lake of fire.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Where's the grace and mercy?
There is none.
>>NOORY: Right, there is none.
>>MARZULLI: And the only time
we see grace and mercy withheld
like this from the
God of the Bible
is when the Nephilim are
factored into the equation.
So I believe that these
implants are the precursors,
the harbingers of
the implant, which
is known as the Mark
of the Beast, which
will change the hosts' DNA.
So you will no longer be human.
The human being that
sits in front of you--
>>NOORY: Won't be here.
>>MARZULLI: Won't be anymore.
Yes, you'll live 500 years.
Your human-ness, what
makes you human--
>>NOORY: That's scary, LA.
>>MARZULLI: It is scary.
And that's what I think it is.
>>NOORY: What is your
website for people
who want to track your work?
>>MARZULLI: Www.lamarzullil.net.
>>NOORY: Better spell it.
>>MARZULLI: M-A-R-Z, as
in Zebra, U-L-L-I dot net.
>>NOORY: All right, my friend.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>MARZULLI: Thank you, George.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: Fascinating,
the Nephillim,
the "Watchers," the series by
LA Marzulli and Richard Shaw.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]